[Applause]
[Music]
[
Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music
]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
[Music] [Music] [Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [Music] [Music
]
[Applause] [
Music]
copyright for sure that what I just put
good
high topics how are you how are you
Javi the Momo thing has been known for years Look for
his video Matías we're going to talk about it I
missed you eh Javi one day he
'll be able to react to Babi I don't know if I should
call him a singer but she
's really good at she's really good well
[Music] It
's 2:20 I'm going to be
live for an hour or so okay
let's be live for a little while I was really
looking forward to it and let's go to
[Music]
to catch up and starting
tomorrow we'll continue as normal what do
I mean by normal that I'm
not going to be online for now okay the
time for the live shows is normally going to be
5 in the afternoon I think I have an appointment
with the Editors now Spanish except for
the weekends Thursday Friday
Saturday and Sunday the days that there is a
live show because it all also depends on
the topics
How are you Mario Javi Have you seen the
premiere I put it on Twitter dude great great great great good
Javi who never congratulates me for the months
on the channel I feel sad Maggie I
never congratulate that about the months I
never congratulate that about the months because
then here we don't talk but
congratulations a kiss handsome Thank you very much
for your loyalty okay let's see I know I've been
completely disconnected for four days I've
been finding out
some things no yesterday I was
telling you something a little and today Sunday
we're going to do the live shows the live show
this time first to catch up and
second because it's Sunday okay I know you
put me in the last video that the thing
about the schedules Should be a meme on
the channel No no it's not a meme it's not a meme it's going to
be very serious okay there are going to be
schedules on each channel that are going to be
followed strictly
okay strictly
unless something happens that ca
n't happen a big gossip happens
that I have to come back okay but
Javier Oliveira the best critic of
all time facts go canchat
face to tongue of money for sweating face
smiling with sunglasses a kiss
Alexander tesa Thank you very much for
your 10 members in Kick that have
coincided of course as I have it with two
programs the news can coincide
Diego André Thank you very much
Welcome to the family okay schedules schedules schedules
during the week schedule here on the road
okay then the rest of the channels each one
to your own thing okay you go to those
channels and I found out there but here in the
canijo
I want to feel your body
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time
existing cold If you want it I
want to feel your  body does
n't have time if I'm cold
if you want to feel your body next to
mine why do you call me it doesn't have time if I'm cold If you want it I
want to feel your body next to mine
why do you call me it doesn't have time if I'm cold If you
want it I
want to feel your body next to mine why do you
call me it doesn't have time if I
'm cold If
you what I want 50 members
says you're open the time of the little guy let's see let's
see
but it's that the weekend is that
weekend let's see it's that on the weekend
50 members
50 members mother of God Robert Thank you
so much man Thank you so much Josely Thank you so much I'm going to I'm
going to mute it because it's going to be
ringing for like half an hour okay And we're not going to be
able to talk but thank you so much
Robert Thank you so much man I mean brutal
brutal 50 members there
calmly 50 50 members Robert
and Jocelyn Thank you so much okay
do the papure for Robert Robert
you need something you need me to get
naked or do something like that let's see family
straight to the point okay Let's get
serious so everyone knows
when the live shows are
To what  time to meet and so on and that
everything works perfectly, it's usually okay.
Usually, unless
something super big suddenly happens and I
have to connect at night,
during the week, okay, Monday, Tuesday, and
Wednesday,
the live shows are going to be in the afternoon, like,
5:00 p.m., 5:30
p.m. until 8:30 or
so, until 8:00 p.m. or things like that, okay.
If something really powerful happens at night
and I have to connect, then I'll
connect, but generally I have to
organize myself so I can have a
schedule where we have content on
the canijo, we have the newscast on the street,
and we also have
the lollipop. Okay, so for all
that to happen, of course, I can't be
everywhere at once. At night, at night, I
have to record for the lollipop so
that the lollipop video is on at 8:00 a.m. Okay, so,
and if I have a live show on Tele Salseo at
night, I can't also be
live on El Canijo, so that is, at
night, we can't record the lollipop at the same time,
the salsería, live of interest
to the SEO and live.  in the canijo
at night I can't be on them all at
once So the schedule is that in the
canijo eh Because then in the rest of the
channels they have other schedules okay the
salsería the videos are going to be every
day at 8 the lollipop every day
at 8 but in the morning okay
teles alseo at 10 10 thirty the
live shows not with Marina or whoever
but
Thursday nights it's the canijo and
Fridays Saturday and Sunday if there are
topics like today Well it will be at night
but oh well
Javi the solution is for Marina to stay
with Teresa at the ceo Well a little yes
a little yes I'm going to have to go
you're going to get stressed churras I'm already
Electric But also look if I
am well I'm not going to tell you because I'm
not going to
what happened
what happened can you
listen to me can you listen to me no
what happened he
smoked a joint was
suddenly made he
went a joint suddenly made
nothing happens
well guys the issue of schedules I
'll see how I do it  we're doing it
okay But what I'm going to do in
the live shows for now is
what I'm going to do in the live shows
is that the chat so that it's more
peaceful is going to be for the moment
only for members
okay so that only the community is here
and not those who come to screw around okay
Hey, I can't become a member or
in kick
okay
in Kick you have the chat open for the
moment I'm also telling you for the moment
the truth is that in Kick it looks better
okay I'll leave that up to you your
choice and I'll see depending on what
you guys like what I'm doing and
so on okay but for now for
peace of mind and so that the excerpts don't get left out you
know so that he doesn't
screw us over and so on for now if you want
the chat open in kick
okay for now I'll tell you because if
things get too tense here
or whatever then we'll have to
take
measures no And you take measures why
Javi I say pompom and look because I don't
know
because people come a lot with more
screwing around we're not
going with the topics and it's
true that I have disconnected or rather
actually the 34 days that I've been
away I've actually been four days
disconnected
because between preparing
between preparing the trip hotel
suitcases and everything okay I've
disconnected well on this trip
those are holidays Javi disconnect now
but it's that normally I don't do it
normally when I'm on vacation
I'm on my phone all the time I'm
recording videos every
time I go around or every time maybe
the moment
my wife is getting into the shower or the
kids are taking a bath or whatever and I'm
alone for five minutes I take it and
start recording okay Thank you very much María
Ignacia Thank you very much to all of you who have become
members And thank you very much
Robert really for those 50
great members on YouTube okay but
yes it's true that I've been
completely disconnected on this trip
I've been disconnected
totally disconnected and I've found out very few things
so it's true that even things are
quiet I mean yes it's true
Things are quiet and when I
saw myself last week everything was more
or less the calm environment
now I
say this is mine to take a
break because if not I won't take it okay
By the way a lot of people telling me Javi
but it's that you always live on
vacation sorry
never let's
see that I always live on vacation
but let's see that the family takes me on
trips up and down
from time to time I don't think it can
compare with being here from Sunday to
Sunday 24 hours a day it seems like
I'm on Big Brother But anyway let's
control it no what yes that from time to
time the little while the little while before going to
bed obviously you look at your phone a little
Twitter more than anything eh Because I've
seen YouTube I haven't seen anything on
YouTube apart from I don't know what was happening I
had a very bad connection in Lisbon
but everywhere I don't know why I had a
very bad connection no I haven't got one of
these very good roaming plans
but yes some little things on Twitter
bug no In fact if you've been on
Twitter you will have seen me
commenting on some little things and Juan
welcome Thank you very much
about nimu pathetic okay about Momo I won't even
tell you Now we will comment on it it's not
worth it here  greeting yes it's for you x from
Jajaja
that at least no neco that at least no and the
pathetic mood okay let's comment on the
two or three things that have happened these
days in my absence but we see it
pathetic pathetic and lamentable okay A
few days ago
We were watching here precisely a
clip
that later by the way on Twitter I
saw it longer the clip that later at
another time also came to comment on
something else no in which nimu started to
say that well making a tier list
of this no that
coco was got
that coco was got
yacht that queen But I can't be at the
same time or I'm here or I'm on tele salseo
or I record the lollipop then that coco
was got
that coco was got
and it's like it's
very cringeworthy the clip I think I have it
here the clip still
Yes yes we can see it the clip we can
see the clip here
coscu one second I turn it over
with this I got tired of it with this I got
tired of it
look really how cringeworthy nimu is but
no longer it's not only that of cringe I
mean it's not only that yes it's
cringeworthy yes no no longer  only thing that's
cringe
is that he has a
very disgusting, very repulsive attitude
that is very off-putting and also
childish okay what he's saying with
this I'm tired of it with this they'll
cancel me I'm telling you what I think is
going through his head here
and it's not a lie what
I think he's thinking right
now is [ __ ] I
know everything that's going on with Goku I have
n't said a peep I haven't said a peep
but he's number one
in my country
what the [ __ ] do I do
if all I'm looking for all the time is to
climb how the [ __ ] do I get out of this and he makes
the typical joke like he does the typical one
like he's taking it as a joke
but really let's
see with this I'm tired of it with this I'm
tired of it That's the tone of talking
about a case of a guy who has been
sending photos of an unconscious drunk girl, I
mean because maybe I understand that
this would be a good one
to use with others
with the auron thing with Dallas that a lot of
people are against Dallas because it's
like
in a certain group on the internet like what
is well seen no And then you're going to have an
opinion about Dallas  Imagine you're going to
put it at the top on got okay And he says
wow they're going to cancel me with this they're going to
cancel me but Dallas okay but it's that you
're here talking
is that you're here talking
about a streamer who took a photo
of an unconscious girl with whom he
slept with a naked photo and he
sent it to his friends and
the photo was made public
with this Cancels me with this Cancels me and
then says it's Gold it's Gold do you
remember when they canceled me
like a month ago
because I started to see which one of Why did you
bet on him and for coscu for Germán at the
evening
[Music]
[Laughter]
he puts on laughter music a
laughter sound effect
flower Thank you queen it
's a forced laugh I can't stand her but
nobody can stand her that's why
the number is sinking I mean she's
gone from being the most I mean the most the most the
most in number
to it's sinking It
's making me nervous no no but it's
also a fake laugh it's a
fake laugh she's acting to break the
ice and take the sting out of the matter He
's trying  to take away the seriousness
of what coscu has done he
is trying to take away the seriousness of that
matter to the moderators chemots mod
go prepare go prepare because
these days are coming powerful
in the Tri I
am saying got to a guy
who has done what he has done
prepared moderators
what I am saying got to a guy who
has taken a photo of a naked girl
who is unconscious to send it to
his colleagues in tones or thing they prepared
mod and I put a sound effect of
Jajaja of canned laughter it
is brutal the guy
a kiss based is brutal
in his day saying to another youtuber
exactly
but with all due respect coscu and momo are
cracks because they have given up a
lot of money so that the entire community grows I
understand you perfectly I
understand you perfectly
Well in fact they have not given up that much
money eh recently I found out about some
news that I have to investigate
wait how
was it that the Argentine government would be spending money on influencers to promote itself to promote government things Okay and among these influencers there would be What was the news I would have to look for the news well I saw it I saw it in  Twitter the other day I flipped out no
among these influencers would be the
number one of course he's
crazy I'm going to do like the one about going to
tank it was at home
[Music]
dude I
saw him a band ago there's
like a clip that they put on
Twitter that is here it doesn't put it
places But there's like a click in which it
says no Well I do know what
Coco has done but I'm separating the artist from
the person And like But what are you
talking about girl
What thing are you talking about okay Total
when they are when they are
canceling it the other day for this okay
because obviously
obviously you were
thinking between everyone smoking you
because you were supporting Goku or they
closed the doors to you everything that
was related to Coco
or so like so there's no more no
now he will want us to separate it air from his
character well total the thread he has
made okay let's see but now what he puts
this right
Ah why
for some reason
now OK OK Let's make this clear
so that those who come to make videos
spreading misinformation leave with their
tails tightly closed be careful careful
that you criticize this okay be careful
with those who  criticize this because it would be
misinformation
that is going to close the queue on us it is
going to close the queue on us
careful
a few weeks ago Dallas put me in one
of his videos
insulting me for free for a post that I
made excitedly while looking at the
signings of the evening
I until the moment that he started to mock me
had no [ __ ] idea of ​​the
barbarity that he did Goku well
Let's take it step by step okay let's
take it step by step it has
become very fashionable to say that nobody
knows no no I am that yes you
all know dude I mean really if you
all know
shut up now those who want to collaborate in
the evening be it wrestlers
public
or anyone
who is going to attend the evening even if
it's just to take pictures on the red carpet you
know it
okay
here we are going to find with this that there were a
lot of people outraged with this
okay with these clips Look class this is
one of the gossip channels these that
came out not like the other one that went to the and
such the three or four channels that
nominated for the in the no I already
exposed it really do not send me these
things because here I do not want to talk
about  no other channel that does the
same thing as me or anything like that I'm
just going to mention the ones I
like But anyway for you to put it in the
chat even Javier was right I've already
done it I put them in December
when the airland thing happened okay I
exposed it there are several channels that have been born
following Javi the canijo even
following the work technique of
Javier Iveira well even acting like a
fan no because this one As far as I remember he
was not a fan of the Channel
and the stick they are going to go and the strategy
they have taken is to
lick the feet of these people so that these
people give them the croquette and
have them as the approved gossip channels
okay or so this this that you are
going to see here I exposed this in December I
already put this in December I don't understand the
people here outraged with this clip
but if you already know what you are going to
find there
okay or so there are two or three channels that
directly
to
be nominated in the links although they
will never give the award because the
first one will be given among colleagues
because it is an event of colleagues no  it's
not official and the votes or
anything like that don't matter, so
for example if Greg suddenly goes
200 kilometers per hour one day in
Andorra these three are not going to give that
news, I'll
continue, suddenly he sells you some
headphones as if they were from a brand
and they are fake these three are not going to give that
news
okay these three are not going to give the
news that does not interest those in
charge
in exchange for giving them illusions I
mean I already exposed it in December don't
come to me now with these clips as if it
were something new when I already
put this in December I mean it was very simple
the three who were nominated in the
enlam
saw how by votes I won
by votes of the community and without asking for it
Because if I take it to the
kids and the lordship to ask for votes
I win by votes I win and they saw How grefg
did a fix and they didn't say a word Why didn't they
say a word Although it was news it was a
scandal well they didn't say anything so
as not to be removed from the
poster and feel famous for a
week
because then in the links  they were going to
ignore him he took the
prize against Tamayo who doesn't do
news coverage like any of the three of them
and the three of them were there unintentionally without
anything negative from Greg
which is a scam to say And if they kick you out of
the eslam because it's seen
okay
What kind of person do you think I am get to
know me five minutes before commenting
and here I don't remember if it was with with or
rather here he is talking about how Nimu
is denying like we just read
that Nimu is denying
that he knew about Coco
with Ari dude
well I remember it was with Ari but I don't
remember what topic it was that Ari
also started to make a fuss
about How are you not going to know this topic and that he doesn't
believe it I think it was with Coscu eh
And that he is testing him out and that no that it can't
be that you don't know that
everyone knew and whatever and that I don't know
what blah blah if it was with Coscu no Ah
Okay I'm going to say exactly the same thing
that they say I said in that video because it's
the reality dude I'm the one who is
supposed to be dedicated to this thing of the
gossip and funas and give
news coverage between a [ __ ] mother of
quotes I did not know about coscu [ __ ]
until it became a trend after the
video that Allen made after it was
announced in the evening 3 in his fight with
Germán if I am the guy who is
supposed to know all that is
supposed to be quote unquote I did not know
man what can they expect from other
streamers who are not even involved
in this world call them and arigales
call yourself Nemo call yourself your [ __ ] mother
then dude that you know what happened or
that you consider that so-and-so is not that
good does not make him bad or does it make
everyone have to know that [ __ ] have you
heard it
no the turkey made a video the turkey made a
video the coconut was canceled for violin
two years ago man
two years ago
to the one who is sick or whatever
Apparently the coscu was taking
pictures like that there is no valid explanation
for the bonfire you piece of son of a
[ __ ] love Argentina seriously for the for
the  There's no insults like an
Argentinian, even the
names that influencers give themselves
today, let's see what the idiot says,
for God's sake, do you
really believe it? I mean, it's like if they
ask me if I made a video of
what I tell you
about Martín Sirio, no. I mean, you can, you can't
remember everything you say
after all, I can
perfectly well forget what I said
three weeks ago, but you're not going to forget
that you've talked about this topic, I mean,
when you have a, I mean, something that you do
n't know what you thought three years ago, what you
said and you fall into contradictions
because your opinion has matured or you've
changed your mind, now you think
something different and you don't remember what you
said two years ago. That happens. And in the
end, we're here live for a ton
of hours. I'm here as if this
were Big Brother, I'm here all
day and perfectly my mentality
changes, times change, or I simply
change my mind because I now have
another opinion, period,
but that I have talked about the subject, if I
remember, it has to be a super
temporary subject so that I don't remember that I have
talked about  that you you or do you think that
no that he doesn't know that he doesn't know that he has
spoken about the subject Of course he knows what
's the difference here Two years ago I was a
fan of Javier Oliveira in fact I
said it Oh Javier to Javiera and here
class well you are seeing that Juan that
Ari that the other one that gives him that I don't know
who mentions him and that les Land has
put her there on the poster for a
week
without more and this is what you are going to have
But I already exposed this in December and a
lot of people were envious of me it's that
you are not nominated you
idiots if you believe that what I
was exposing was or that what I
was saying I didn't think it and it was
because I wasn't nominated you I am an
idiot
or three I am an idiot This is like this period
and I told you And it is like this I mean literally
he knows here He knows perfectly well that
yes he already knows about Goku Of course he knows
But he is looking for Nimu to mention him
that the other one mentions him but not that
he knows it he knows it he knows it
Nimu  and everyone knew it everyone okay And everyone
who is participating in the
evening everyone knows it everyone everyone I don't
give a [ __ ] everyone knows okay
first of all because almost everyone watches
gossip channels and at some point they have
alluded to the fact that they watch gossip channels and it is a
complete lie that a topic
like Goku's comes up like
Dallas is banned from tweets like I don't know what And
they don't find out okay not a chance but the
second the second thing is that if
you are at the evening and especially if you
are a participant and I already say this for
some participants who are
very thick-skinned and they will already know these
days more things okay But if you are at
the evening
if you are at the evening
and you are seeing every day in
trend a commotion with Goku that if the
brands that if Nike no that Nike put
its account on lock the other day no
you at least say damn what is this with
Goku I am going to see what it is and you
find out about coscu I mean at the
moment There is some distracted person who did not
know and suddenly he finds himself okay
but now  They all know it Right now they
all know it, the
aviváis know it, those who participate
and fight in the evening know it, those who
are guests and they know
everything that is going to walk the
red carpet is worth it And then everyone that you
see at the evening, whether they are
participants, whether on the carpet,
that little photo has already been taken, whatever it is, they
simply consider that
what happened with Coco is not serious enough for it to
affect them and they are left without
photos, the evening or without family for a
week,
okay, no more, no
more, okay, there is no
one right now who does not know,
what you tell me before the
Dallas video, this last one Well, before they
announce it at the evening, I
doubt it, I doubt it, the main
youtubers don't know Well, but
right now, at this moment, right now,
at this moment, they know everything and everyone who is
going to participate in the evening
does so knowing it.
What happens is that, hey, hey, and the followers
that are going to win that week, they do
n't need it, it's the worst because
many of you will say, but if this one already has
followers, but if this one already earns so much, no no no
no  that's the worst thing the
worst thing is that everyone who is going to pass
by there, neither participants nor guests nor
those on the red carpet,
need that but it can Hey and yes
and yes my participation in the evening
changes my life
that then the secondary characters are not
going to change their lives because there are
many of them there are some there are half
of the participants of those who are going to
fight are very secondary streamers who are
going to have the tension of that night and
then they will return to the normal provisions
but the other half are streamers
who earn tens of thousands of dollars a
month and they don't care earning 10,000 or 20 thousand
dollars more one month than another
or so Simply now
of all those who are participating
Thank you Maria knows they know but
they don't care that much they don't care they don't see it as
bad what Goku has done they don't see it as
bad that for them
not only leaving the evening
but leaving the evening implies
that you have to say because it suits you okay
or so right now any of those who
are fighting
If suddenly upon finding out about this says
host Well I don't  I participate I'm not going to
be collaborating with some guy Cacho done
and they decide to leave they have to say why
and it's not that you're not going to participate in
the evening it's that you're not going to participate in
the evening Nor are you going to participate in anything
that has to do with Ebay
and there you have it and
there you have it and
everyone is going to spend time there greeting
Coscu giving hugs to Coco okay
and not only that but it's not
only that you participate in the same
event but there you're going to be with
Goku, that is to say the participants themselves and
the whole team logically not the same as
I do with my friends and with my
colleagues No Imagine me with Enrique
with acne with Marina, I not only
have the relationship that I have in front of
the cameras, then later during the
day we call each other we talk we
prepare a program we prepare the
coves or we have a dinner to prepare
what we're going to talk about whatever it is
then they logically are not only
going to be at the evening they then the
participants will have their meetings
Well in fact they have had it they will no longer
have their meetings their parties their
dinners their things okay
and what he says encouragement  Dallas insulted me
for free let's see this let's
listen to the insult example this one who
has complained a thousand times about the
horrible harassment they do to her saying I don't know
who to put up with or rather here to
support The hardest decision I become
an endepatria or I go to the [ __ ] and
Post a picture of coscu and a picture of
Germán and it's like let me understand You don't
know who to support between a guy who
is an abuser who literally abused
an unconscious girl in her own house
in the middle of a Stream or support Germán
who the worst thing he's ever done is
kill flies Germán who is a bread of
God and I've never seen him get into a
single bad controversy and coscu who is
explicitly an abuser and should be
in prison you know what it is
we have YouTube
What is the insult wait I'm going to
put it again eh I'm going to put it again
and you tell me What is the
insult okay I'm going to put it again and you
tell me the insult please we have
youtubers Like for example this one that
has complained a thousand times about the
horrible harassment they do to him saying I don't know
who to put up with, that is, here in
support The hardest decision I become
an endepatria or I go to the [ __ ] and
post a picture of coscu and a picture of
Germán and it's like let me understand You don't
know who to support between a guy who
is an abuser who literally abused
an unconscious girl in her own house
in the middle of a Stream or support Germán
who the worst thing he's ever done is
kill flies Germán who is a bread of
God and I've never seen him get into a
single bad controversy and coscu who is
explicitly an abuser and should
be in prison you know what it is
we have desire on YouTube What is the
insult he hasn't insulted you, I
mean, look at the level of lying from Nemo
look at the level of lying that in the
same tweet he gives you a click stating
something that doesn't happen in the clip but he
plays with the followers who aren't even
going to press Play here and who haven't
even seen the Dallas video
you know why you nimu consider
or  maybe you're not lying
Maybe you your subconscious Maria
Ignacia Thank you very much
also your subconscious
tells you that here they insult you in this
video you know why you think they
insult you know why you think they
insult you cheer up because you yourself know that
what you do is disgusting
because you yourself are ashamed and you know
that what you do is disgusting that's why your
subconscious believes that in
this video go on it is insulted what it
told you What is the insult
What happens is that you yourself know that
what you did the other day is disgusting
and also then you put yourself in a clip the
first thing that
nimu looks at how are you going to know what coscu did
if he gave you an award And that has been known
since last year God then cries
because he is plummeting but but then but
let's see but not only does he know
because because he gave him an award he
knows it Also because it is known and especially
in Argentina Of course he knows Look at
this He has been winning for years Look
momo here supporting momo in the in
the previous evening okay
I'm convulsing  germanico kukee let
's go to the coscu Army Awards okay I mean it's been there
Even nominated for the
awards made
of Coco okay then Here they told me that
Martín fierro that this has already been
my mistake because I stayed that Martín
was coscu and I believe that these awards
were the same I mean I believed that here he
was referring to the same thing as here to the
coscu aguar this no But come on you've been
after them for years look here eh
look at this eh look at this eh
This is great eh this clip is
great eh look at this look at this and I'm
fighting at the evening of the year next year
because this one obviously doesn't show her
face at the evening And yeah dude How are
you going to fight with a box of the head
put dude I want to lean on sticks and I'll
do whatever
the proposal is made I'm going to fulfill
these realities I
mean the one who hates gossip channels the one who
hates gossip channels It
turns out that
in a moment of desperation when she
's falling into a nosedive
instead of Seeking to improve her attitude and her
content what she's looking for is  crawling
and begging for collaborations all
[ __ ] day long is okay And what she does is instead
of improving her content and trying to
improve herself as a person which is why
people are leaving her aside she asks
eBay to include her in the evening And in exchange she
offers to
reveal her identity I mean the exclusive
that her identity is well known no
but to reveal the exclusive of being there for her with
her face exposed no Maria Thank you
very much Thank you very much Maria I mean see
if it's fake
see if it's fake and taking advantage and it's going on like that
the girl to Jordi White
the biggest gossip channel
okay she denied him the exclusive that Jordi
wanted look at it There's
hypocrisy everywhere here Jordi who
says he hates gossip has a
gossip channel has the biggest gossip channel
denies that you do gossip And he wanted
the exclusive
Wait wait I have something big
Wait I have something big one second
brutal when this comes out brutal when
this comes out
another case brutal brutal two just like Jordi's that
was with Jordi's  or
so It turns out that Jordi wanted the
exclusive and the morbidity of this
person's face no and she told Jordi she's cool
Thank you so much gorgeous I would
get you From giving away five other
members remind you all that in Kick
if you make subs I
like it more okay I really like
that you make supps in Kick And
also there you have the chat open
okay in case you want to try it
spectacular alarm I'm glad you
like it controls our lives that the aunt
told Jordi no the aunt told
Jordi no because she did
n't like people stopping her on
the street let's see what she said to
Jordi no look
look they get my
attention a lot I'm not
going to lie to you but something like that those things
get me a lot of attention is true
thanks I mean no no nothing to do with it I
encourage you I would be inviting the girl
behind Nemo thanks Alex Brain
listen to that the girl Behind my mul
no I don't know if she wants to
mix things up
What happens maybe if I see a jerk off because
maybe I would have  liked appearing on The
way project but well as beatware no
and among other things there are several clicks
where she explains why she is not going no and
among other things she said that she would not
like that
she would not like to be stopped
on the street that when she came to
Barcelona she realized that everyone was
stopped except her and that she wanted to
continue like that and now suddenly you don't want to
go with your face to While project but to the
party of the year yes
man it is really fake really fake I always say I do
not consume streamers and if I started
consuming them it was since I became a streamer
before that I did not know anything I am not
interested in controversies and neither do I
get controversial things because I do not
consume that content either obviously
I was excited to have photos with the two of them and I did not
want to lose the opportunity to upload it
if I put Coco on got in my tier list it
was not because he abused a girl because what the
hell would someone with two fingers of forehead
support that it is noticeable that those who
left me do not even know me I put it on got
because simply and plainly I was
grateful to be it
I was grateful to be it I was
grateful  to do them
because they defamed me for free for something
that I had nothing to do with dala
put me in her crappy video and if you see it you're
going to realize that she did it
very far-fetched ah very far-fetched very far-
fetched it's obvious that she has something
against me filed okay I know
where she's going to go not very much I
know obviously you all know
okay but I know where she's going to go cheer up
okay there's
a tweet that she posted there's
another tweet that she hasn't put me here
places But there's a tweet that she posted
as if to say that Dallas went privately
to ask her weird things okay
So she's going to get she's
getting a video of Dallas not even listed okay
no need for confirmation and
so on she's not going to eat a video of
Dallas but not even listed okay
and it's going to look terrible if it can look worse
a person
is going to look terrible
taken out of context as always a
Dallas fan it had to be le Mao
but I didn't know it This didn't use Twitter
until about two years ago and I
'm not into the coscu
army thing either I'm not into the
coscu armia and has gone to some awards, I
mean, I don't believe that you were
nominated for the coscu awards and you don't
know anything about coscu, I
mean, it's not that it's not that it's a
lie, honestly, it's a lie, okay, I don't
understand why
I have to blame because they blame the victim and not the one who
came to attack,
friend, the coscu bag thing that went
viral was after the live
signings of the evening again why the hell would I
support things we are women
friends put two fingers up front
okay listen to me anyway let's
imagine that he
didn't know, I'm telling you it's not worth it let's imagine that he didn't know, condemn him now, condemn him right now, he can come out now and condemn him, perfectly, tremendous false man, tremendous false Hey, 14 subscriptions on Kick plus
75 given away,
of which 75,
90% are from tesa,
a kiss from sibiris,
we're talking about the fact that we're about to
reach 100
subscriptions on kick, we're
talking about the fact that we
could reach today
first subscriptions in kick
I want to see the powerful ones showing their faces there I didn't
know but I knew very well that they
were going to cancel it before saying yes I
knew but yes I did know perfectly well
but yes that thing about I didn't know I didn't know is a
lie and it's tremendous nonsense okay
livi thank you very much a huge kiss a
huge kiss living very beautiful
on this subject that we are going to talk about now
There will be more things okay tomorrow the day after tomorrow there will
surely be more things by the
way important I am going to start
working
to have it by Thursday
approximately or so okay
a special on the Marta del Castillo case
very powerful
with a lot of work behind it and with a lot of
information that you are going to hallucinate and
I would need it to have the greatest
possible impact because that case has to be
moved okay surely the live
that I will do with trium
will be for will be for Thursday most
likely okay I need
at least three diets to get going because you
know that I like to do things
well I
was looking along the way well watching
listening to hands-free
a couple of things and a couple of documentaries
and new information that has come out
But I also have to compare it with
other sources and with others  things and you're going to You're going to
hallucinate okay I'll do it with wheat
I think Thursday okay because I need
at least three days on Wednesday
I'll have it with Marina okay But well
we'll see but Thursday Thursday is
not going to happen because it's an issue that needs to be
moved now so we're pending
because I'll announce the day the date and so on
no
but about this Momo issue I also
probably want to make a video soon
because this is amazing
we've already talked about Momo okay he's Goku's friend
who also makes me laugh a lot
because he's putting all his attention
on Coco Goku but momo let's see momo
if she passed the photo of this girl to momo
more no Thank you very much
[Music]
no more people had the photo
or rather Goku is being canceled but momo
three quarters of the same no because what the
hell did they do with the photo to
leak it no But well we
'll never know no what they did
with the photo what I do know things that
well that already pointed the way like for
example that
aragüismichu threatened to hit him to go
look for him and that he shouldn't step foot in Argentina
because he had  messed with his soccer idol, I
mean, and you may like wismichu more or less
but from there
to you wanting to hit someone
because he got into a tweet with your
soccer idol I
mean, it already tells me a little bit about the type of
person and the profile that he is, no I mean, without
wanting to prejudge okay But let's see, a
profile there marks it for you, no,
the pattern is what it is, no, but oh well It
turns out that yesterday
a video went viral that I also posted
on Twitter and well,
the most blocked for posting this clip, I have
not mentioned it at any time or
anything because I have
not wanted to mention it, I
directly tag him, I mean
okay But it seems that it is clear that he does not
like it, let's go, I do not understand it because he is
here, I mean, what calls my
attention in fact is that what you are going to
hear,
he tells it calmly with complete
impunity because of course They know that he is
not going to stop inviting them and go to the
evening and not only is he not going to
leave VAT and invite them to the evening but
yes to any of the streamers who
participate in the device series or in the
events, although  be public it
occurs to them the slightest thing to criticize this
outside of the evening and outside of coi
can participate in a next evening
no Sari he participated in the previous evening
he participated in last year's evening
okay so these people do it with
complete impunity because they know he was going and
protect them no I mean he was going and doesn't say
anything about them and who more than any
have balls was not going to go but None
of the streamers
have balls In order not to miss the photo
on the red carpet
of nimú in fact okay this if
for example
a inda red had said it and instead of or rather what
he said what you are going to hear here if
instead of saying it he had said
a inda red and a Dallas
a well of course No but if
a friend of ibai says it or someone protected
by eBay you can't say anything if
a inda red had said to him and nene
Montero had said something Well in
fact it happened
in a period of time I started to lower the drink
for Juan's sister who lost the entire
night He lowered it with me or rather he peed he
drank
okay  I
started to lower the drink for
Juan's sister who lost the whole night
to a drunk girl not because I have to
be with a drink and for her not to
realize that they are putting piss in her
instead of a drink it has to be terrible
okay I was refilling the glass with
piss
I don't know what this is called but it's
surely some kind of crime but out of
courage Or you take advantage of the fact that
someone is vulnerable drunk or
whatever to the point that they don't realize
that you have changed the drink for urine
and that you trick them into seeing
urine you know I'm sure it's
some kind of crime against health or
something but it's that she's telling it to you
like a funny anecdote on TV
that she's telling it to you like a
funny anecdote on TV
she was working with me or rather she was pissing she was
drinking
This is a drink that I wanted yes I
Lance How funny Thor but in
reality it was that I had piss then the
girl was pretending to me Barrera has nothing this
you're a [ __ ] [ __ ] I don't know what Ah well Then
at one point I asked the guys to burn
both the glass we put on
Ah I asked the kids I mean between
all in a group okay between all in
groups far from saying Hey what are you
doing What a barbarity no no no no no
between all in a group they
went in glasses they put ice in it to go
give it to the girl well that's
not good That finished doing
that and a friend of mine got laid and he laughs he
finished doing that that Chapó if the
girl was going like she was of course no
one is going to get laid Of course if she was going like she was yes
obviously if the girl I mean if
you're drinking legendary or cola or
whatever you drink if they exchange it for
piss you realize unless you
go since you don't even know what you're
going through
you can take it I don't know when
and in a moment I go into the bathroom to pee
and I was throwing the rubber to another friend of
mine
then of course after in her because the
girl was a [ __ ] she didn't [ __ ]
everyone of course a famous one I mean
look at you eh you're crazy eh I mean he
's making her look like a [ __ ] because she
slept  with two in one night with the drunk
and I buy if surely if you are
offered two in the same night you also
sleep with two okay
participants of the evening
participants of last year's evening
and what is my surprise What is my
surprise is that it turns out that
people are telling me in the comments of
my tweet okay
this is common my God the
diseases that can leave a
person how disgusting even the
presenters get it right saying it to your
face
Look I'm going to tell you something Okay it
's an account of a girl I wrote it down
because I want to see it one day here when we do
n't have anything else look it
's an account of a girl that I
recommend also
a certain redhead a certain
redhead I think her name is I
can't find her a redhead
there I ca
n't find her I can't find her it
's a certain redhead
but I can't
find her I can't find her she's blocked me imagine that she's blocked me didn't she have to change her name or something fly Thank you very much no I can't find it I can't find her it's a girl who makes threads on Twitter it's
a girl who has followed on Twitter and
yesterday  I read a thread about a very
young kid okay I'll
upload it Thank you very much A
very young kid who with friends and so on
doing challenges with friends taking
a trip with I don't know if it was a weekend
vacation having a few drinks or
whatever on a terrace or in a
patio of a chalet it happens like what is it I do
n't know if it was a worm a
snail or something or a slug a slug I
think it was and his friends tell him you
're not capable of eating it if you eat it I don't
know what no as soon as something like that
okay and it turns out that the kid eats it he
eats the slug
and gets a virus that becomes
paraplegic and in the end at 8 years old 78
years old he dies lives seven eight years
paraplegic The kid but with his whole
life ahead of him or rather like
[Music]
a kid of 19 years old I think it was okay he
eats a slug he's with some friends
a kid who is also super handsome I don't know what there is
and he's on a terrace with
friends In a I think it was a patio of
a chalet and a slug passes by your friends I bet you do
n't eat it I bet he doesn't have the balls to
eat it take the kid I know what's not
apum the slug eats it
suddenly he's in a coma 400 days of
infection 400 days okay
you eh 400 days in a coma this armen Thank you very much he
stays he gets up a quadriplegic because his
brain has been completely damaged until he
dies okay I mean you're freaking out what
a bad infection can bring you or do
something okay I mean you're
freaking out okay for momo who according to
Goku himself was one of the friends to whom he
possibly sent the photo of the
girl all well no no no no no no no
with Julio he sent the photo to momo he
said it himself no
Sorry excuse me Wait wait wait
momo
talked about Coco eh that thing that
four shitty accounts handle
momo talked about Goku that
one of those shitty accounts Is
paid by politicians like the ones who
made her bed coscu when the
coscu violin thing came out and I don't know  what I have
audios where they tell me that I can't
sell to the person who sent them
where there is a Twitter account That
takes money from politics to generate
trends on Twitter
man who is running the account like
crazy man [ __ ] man So he is
blaming politics
what the [ __ ] did I just hear
that was Yoli [ __ ] That was the account of a
redhead but I don't know why she didn't
load me with a redhead okay Yeah yeah we
will never react to his threads I
mean he does get paid by
politicians apparently there are several
articles that say that
politicians pay them to a political party I don't
know what I have to look at it more
deeply okay And he is telling you
that they are political accounts, I
mean the invented photos Momo the
invented photos Momo
Okay and the day that he breaks my balls
like he already broke them once I am going to come
out and say who is the one who gives him the
money and all that because they have me
fed up and I don't [ __ ] with anyone So I
don't like being screwed But the day they
put the of  oracle I'm going to go out and
say do you know who this guy is who is the one who
generates the hashtags do you know what he
said when he generated the
coscu hashtag and he said Cosculluela I don't know what
after that he said I have nothing against the
guy they sent me to do this and I
did it so stop stop eating
[ __ ] stop eating [ __ ] because
you guys don't know the things that are
behind all this there are people who are
afraid to say it that there is a guy on
Twitter who charges to put a hashtag and
create a trend I am not afraid to
say it and that whole network is connected
between them and the day that you are a
public figure and you say something that they don't
like like for example what
Martín did of being in favor of abortion
these things happen to you you understand So that thing
about freedom is the freedom that
suits them So when they denounced
and condemned for much less they preferred
that they give me toothpaste to eat than the
piss of a disgusting [ __ ] of course [ __ ]
There it is, look at you, look at you there you
have the perfect example, it had not
fallen very good stardep okay or reset the
Supreme Court prohibits reset from uploading videos
the YouTuber who humiliated a homeless person with
Oreo cookies and toothpaste okay a
Barcelona judge sentences YouTuber
Reset to 15 months in prison and 5 years without
uploading a video to the YouTube platform
something strange
okay what Reset did was
publish a video in which he fed him
Oreo cookies that he had
exchanged for toothpaste
and laughed at him and they sentenced him to
2,180 euros
20,000 euros for moral damages to the man
and five years without being able to dedicate himself to this I
wasn't watching a little bit of
Taurus he messed with Reset, I mean look at
you look at you
look at you for
a pack of pasta it's not just the
act it's telling it as a trophy on
television
well exactly it's still less
than
Javi's I just searched on Google and drinking
urine can cause diarrhea to
tachycardia and vomiting
but Momo's is worse no than
reset's
Look at this is what Ah look I had
put it here places
is worse what's worse it's  Momo is worse than
reset And no one says anything
And no one says anything
Naty j and Momo's controversial trip to
Antarctica in a military plane okay
This is I don't know if it's a
political party, which is what it is okay, we
have to see this well okay, the
influencers flew to be a report
promoted by the state news agency
Telam and the networks exploded I do
n't know if that's apparently with
public money or something like that, damn
man, but the thing with Momo is
worse than reset Momo
is worse than reset and
none have come out
Lady zoom, the handling of impunity by these
people is scary let's put it on Twitch let's
put a tweet
[ __ ] but it's strong it's
strong
they campaigned for socialism and went to
Spain to escape the taxes
even in Dallas he debated with reset Yeah
man, of course I saw it Of
course I'm going to share a
tweet I'm going to put it more
than 24 hours ago
that
this went viral
And none
and they haven't come out what a
double ass totally Yoli I
'm going to put a tweet more than 24 hours ago  that
this went viral and they haven't come out
and
the 500 videos that came out of reset have not come out
Of course it looks like I support reset
is it true how would you put it
is that worse eh it
says what reset did was a really
ugly act and equally ugly that
something even worse happened and they didn't react
in the same way let's
see I'm going to see how many views my
tweet has it has almost half a million views
my tweet has half a million views it
has half a million views but no no it didn't
scandalize anyone I'm
going to put what you think worse I'm
going to put what you think worse it's that I do
n't know how to approach the tweet
man I want to put a tweet but I don't know I don't
know how to approach it
okay okay I'm going to put remember
surely I'm going to
put surely okay it doesn't matter [ __ ] it I'm
going to
make a video for the main one [ __ ] it [ __ ] it
but the thing is I have to
get a few more things out
but it is like that it is literal
that no man yes I'm going to put a
tweet Of course I'm going to put it because if not I do
n't feel comfortable Of course I'm going to put it Of course I'm going to put it of course I'm
going to
put it  what year was it
in 2016
in 2016 or 2015 was it 2016
a while ago they made a
supposed fake cookie case for momo or being
with a minor some liberals and now
everything is related to politics
yes it's like a thing no That has taken no
2017 outside of reset to
show that it doesn't matter that if not who
Yes that's what I intend but I don't know
how to approach it In so few characters
Amparo and thank you very much in 2017 reset
was
the networks
and the youtubers
turned
against reset
thanks Verito
for feeding
toothpaste
to a homeless man
with a
razor in
another
Thank you very much Steven welcome
to Steve Thank you very much in 2023 another
a streamer
account
on tv
says Javi they are going to funar you it's that the
reset is much worse the issue of the expenses
was sick
that the reset was worse
Well then I will present the tweet well and I put it because I have to
finish okay Well I do
n't know if I have left
Yes yes of course we have to comment on it
from West Cole
web call later  coming back from his debate
with Dallas has been the last few days top
1 in Spanish speaking demonstrating that neither the
funa nor the Dallas video affected him in
that aspect in numbers okay
clear it doesn't matter
clear it doesn't matter or rather it really really doesn't matter it really does matter the one with
the cats wasn't peluchino no but
with rels it hasn't moved either with the
cats But well Tomorrow tomorrow I will
surely make a video for the
main okay
in his live West call has been
saying that he has received clips of Dallas
from all the poor thing what he says here no
with which he could cancel it
but that he is not interested
and that well basically he lost the debate
with Dallas
no let's see the numbers nothing top 1
average audience on Twitch 60,000
viewers okay or rather brutal dude
brutal dude or rather this this this this guy
westcolm say whatever nonsense he says and
whatever he does people are not going to stop him he is not
going to stop him Hey what a slump has
hit auron no
Hey what a slump no what a slump
What is it due to
coscu root
So this already this already is like this you know
my god my
god
Besides you thinking you're right there's
always going to come along another son
of a [ __ ] smarter than you who's
going to always put you in line
bro always I think that everyone who
watches this debate realizes that man
is a real beast man we have to do that
[ __ ] is a beast at what he does but he is a
beast at what he does but he
also has his followers very dominated it's
true he has them very
dominated dude he's been
debating with people for 15 years 15 years
working on it he's 29 years old daddy
being a debater that's a profession that's
studied that [ __ ] knows that dude
understands me when I looked at the other
laps after I said Oops it's
real that [ __ ] was playing with me
teacher playing with me There are things
playing with me I love it when they
sell the debates as some kind of
hypnosis
about that it was disgusting I love it
when they see the debates as some
kind of hypnosis not that manipulates your
mind and makes you lose them not
that you know how to play with yourself because you're a
pro at debate let's see You just have to be
right dude you can't
pretend  deny that you're a homophobe that's what
the jokas trick is for so
that now any sick person who abuses
the status of any girl can
defend themselves with is that she took it upon herself
where are our feminists
on Twitch now I don't
know late she didn't
understand she didn't really understand
that if they don't make sense [ __ ] what I
say in my life I would never talk to
a person like that again No I'm not burned
because I lost in my life I would never
talk to a person like that again but just like the one
you can't fool the one you
can't deny to her face coscu just
uploaded a video training with the hashtag
of the evening I don't think they'll kick him out anymore they're going
to let time pass and everyone
forgets clown face
I don't know if this will be forgotten eh on the day
of the evening I don't know if there could be
some mess there someone who brings up the
subject the public itself even I don't think so no I don't
know the truth I don't know
Welcome didn't make it difficult for
dala either but let's see I mean how can you go
up to a debate to try to deny
that you're homophobic  when you are I mean what the
[ __ ] because I would be angry
because I lost my job it's not about debating and
work is not about talking about
other people's problems and I get sad
about that [ __ ] I have to be a mess you
know would it be if he had lost against
me and I don't even know if I lost I
simply know that I spoke and defended
my rights I sold out my principles daddy it
's one thing your principle
homophobia I mean he says I defended my principles I
mean your principles are
homophobia
to defend your principles as a person and
what you think and another thing is to
defend what everyone wants to
hear it's much easier that's much
simpler believe it you're
defending what everyone wants to
hear obviously you're going to have more support
but when you stand firm for your for
your ideals you use bags like people it's
much more complicated and that's why
one stays stoned okay rights everyone
has rights daddy
everyone has rights dude
you're homophobic and you're I
mean you're homophobic and that's it there's no
more and they look bad because you're
homophobic and you're trying to deny that
you're homophobic while Every time  are you
saying that you would allow your
friend to go with a woman because with
a more normal woman, given an opinion if he does
n't like this, the right to speak,
to express himself, there's a [ __ ] dick and all
the [ __ ] who are pending when
what one says is an idiot who has a
lot to dream, a lot to advance
and grow How many comments do I
get a day telling me that it's that Ok
Ok Ok You have a lot of money Ok okay okay
You have a lot of money but what have you
done for society,
[ __ ] and I don't want to do anything, you like it
then do something for society,
my bro, I invite you, [ __ ], get motivated, I'm going to
tell them my dream, my dream was to grow, to get
my family out of poverty, my friends out
of poverty, to have fun, enjoy
life and think about myself in my social circle
I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] what happens outside
of me, I got out of my hole, yes, your hole and
your return and your way of thinking is to
help everyone, do it people like
oh daddy When
how ugly that to say that, no matter how much you
think about it, no because you're in your
right I mean obviously you earn a
lot of money you don't have to
think about making things better for people who
need it you look out for yourself, your
circle, your surroundings and your
family okay but saying it like it looks bad
no
But well everyone is free
obviously really I think that
99% of my community what we did was
laugh our heads off what I've seen
is memes and [ __ ] and people laughing
is what I've seen There are things
that I don't agree with There are
things that I don't agree with and there
are things that I was wrong about in
that debate Mari that I admit it here
after all that I think you all
saw too Mary with a number of
things that sent me by the wings that I
said Uy dude see this [ __ ] is worse
than one This dude is
yes I've been seeing it on Twitter he
refers to the typical clip from when Dallas
had
well I
think the exaggerated clearing
since 11 or 12 years ago the Clean not from
2010 2011  2012 was It was I think Dallas
lived like in I don't know if in
Tenerife itself or in Madrid something like that okay it looks
super tiny Dallas saying
nonsense in a live show that he also
already explained I mean I know I mean but
let's see West Cole [ __ ]
West call the Dallas clip 11 12
years ago yours you think about it now in the
live show itself you were homophobic I was
younger than wet right now
exactly no no but yes it is that yes it is that the
clip if not without exaggerating I think it is from
2011 or 12 or something like that it is because one for
example this time that I am going to have
dinner the problem is where you are
saying there is the clip
right now here and also your excuse you
are not accepting that you really have
a serious problem I
do not consider myself homophobic but
gay sex disgusts me but it is like
30,000 it is not the same No I saw it
with the Miley saurus thing but
let's go the same the same
Dallas against Dallas and you put a click
of the Dallas in the  2023 and you give me a click
with 2000 Well I'm completely
sure that at that time I had And I
said worse things, I mean in fact I
had deleted videos where I already say
Haha look at this How fat you have so much
meat fat son of a [ __ ]
that guy who is a park Lili no longer a
[ __ ] I mean please 2015
please yours is from now that you
think about it now man if you show me that
this clip from a couple of years ago well I'm
telling you [ __ ] in two years we'll see
a lot less brands smart son
but almost two years it was like that but my son
this is from when this one is
not as long ago as Miley
Sauro's maybe it's not going to happen maybe
nine years ago no no you
're not accepting that you really have
a serious problem I
don't consider myself homophobic but I'm
[ __ ] disgusted by gay sex videos like
30,000 more videos there are you know what Like
30,000 more videos there are of those videos
Sure but from now but
now what there are are yours it seems to me
dude what am I going to show more of
those videos of those videos they sent me
30,000 more And you know what I thought When I
saw that video I didn't care about anything I care I do
n't care what that dude
said if he's defending yes he
is whatever I don't care Why
would I give a [ __ ] about that they
sent me that like 30 thousand times and me and me
and how bad I don't I don't want to burn that
egg I don't want to dedicate a video to
that game I don't want and I don't want to
get into that again I am a
funable person Every day I mean you can
make videos for me every day with something
totally different you can work for me
every day If you want I was going to
have content for a lifetime I'm
not interested bro the advice I
give you is enjoy yourself dude
patch yourself up for real you guys Do you think that they have
given me the opportunity to
change I'm sorry and all that and
the forgiveness was worth [ __ ] I'm going to continue being
a homophobe for all the people
So why am I going to continue
working there In the end dude you  what you
have to do is
that you are homophobic is that you are is to
know what you and around
your social circle that they know What kind
of person you are well What happened what
happened was bathed Dallas helped me
helped me To get rid of the van if I didn't
take it off the they would take it away from me in three days
because the banner in three days by
copyright that copyright was for
reacting to a Dallas video where
Dallas was talking about me so the [ __ ]
knew that well it was unfair you understand it
was unfair if the doctor to a video I
have the right to respond Well the
truth to leave the subject here it was good
he I like the fact of debating to
talk if you say one was a debate
whatever I went through it Well with no one has
said that you humiliated Dallas
leave the denial phase in 2018
when I debated with Dallas also
said the same thing
Well there are people who say that I
humiliated him people who say that mine does not
overcome the denial phase
Well maybe there is a certain audience
that has been able to tell you that yes shut up I
forgot It's that  they forget there's
true even maybe someone with
a channel with 100 views maybe he has
told you westmillo to Dallas
but come on no
obviously not but come on neither
similar nor close you are homophobic and it was
not even about a fight it was
not even about a
fight to see who could say more takes out or anything It's that
you were saying
homophobic things trying to defend yourself that you
were homophobic
I laughed at a stupid experience until
the end in the end I even liked that
jerk Okay I'll tell him everything until the end I
liked him father you have to
understand that there are different ones but
his job is literally to criticize
what for the people is wrong what
for the people is wrong you understand
man let's see if you want to
shoot your friend a few times
if he stands next to you to
flirt with another man it's
becoming like Dallas is going to
criticize what everyone is going to
applaud him and he goes against the norm we don't
want homophobic to
criticize what is wrong no no but
let's see is that you are  homophobic it
's his job and I can't
fight that I can't fight that
worry because there are many things in
my mind it's very wrong but for me they are
fine and I know that many people also
have the same thing many people have the
same thing and I don't go around claiming that
because I know that none of the ones
here none of them are perfect they all have to
be sons of [ __ ] I don't know about
you but none of that ever affects me
I mean let's see one thing is
that people are not perfect but another
thing is that you want to deny that you are
homophobic
but come on not only that you are
homophobic is that you are homophobic and on
top of that the
people who follow you the same as you Okay
family Hey a question
about Momo did all the
channels talk I ask whether it was part of the
youtubers
that evidently I already knew that no
but the gossip channels And that thing about
momoland they have hit it hard
news and so on yeah no
okay family see you see you tomorrow
okay
a kiss family get some rest a kiss
family thanks to everyone get some rest
[Music]